[Music]
Very good how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart
delighted to be here one more day with
you and on this occasion I bring you some
clips about a statement that
Ivan Hernandez has given you know that he is
Antonio David's lawyer who has handled
many court cases against
some production company that you all know and
Ivan Hernandez is a crack and right now
his law firm together with
our beloved Jesus Manuel Ruiz
have a YouTube channel called
direct no forgiveness straight to the heart is
that watch out there with the wordplay it
is very well brought okay here you have the
video but anyway the channel We have already
recommended it many times straight to the
heart and I imagine that you all
know it and if you don't know it then you
are running to subscribe because you do not
know what you are missing on
this occasion I chose this to make
a video because it has caught my
attention and I wanted to spread
these words of Ivan that everyone
should know and it is the sadness that
when you feel violated you have to
think if  exercise your rights and
defend yourself or not Because probably the
fact of defending yourself will make you literally play
with your job
that's how things are family before
continuing with the video and commenting on it I'm
going to ask you all to please
subscribe you know that it's
completely free And if you're interested in
this type of content I invite you to
follow me on all the networks and not
miss anything I do I open a debate
in the comments box so you can
tell me everything you think about what
we're seeing in the video not the
labor jurisdiction not pactadilla
the labor jurisdiction went to but
maybe it could have gone to the
integral justice and why well
First why it didn't go that maybe it would
also be something well I
imagine and nobody knows this will know no one
but Paz Padilla and her lawyers
but man leaving some
prime audience networks have the upper hand that
is to say leaving a network with
a lawsuit with a lawsuit for
violation of fundamental rights or
with a criminal complaint or with a
complaint to the prosecutor's office Well it's always
very hard for the journalist not
because already  whether you like it or not, they already brand her
as a controversial person, which is why they
pass us all the jobs, in
all the jobs, ask for a reference that is
pointed out. In other words, okay, this is like, let's
see and apart from that, you already know, no,
this is not like
conventional jobs when you have a
problem with your company, maybe the
neighbors don't find out, but in this
case, all the problems that
famous collaborating presenters have
with the network or the media itself
because they sue them or whatever is
public domain and everyone
knows what the issue is, well, the
issue is that in this case, it's not that we're
talking about a guest who has been
talked about by an interviewee, we're talking
about workers who need to exercise their
profession, so according to what you tell us,
Iván, they could, when they are
violating your rights, you can take
criminal proceedings, civil proceedings or
whatever, but it's always better to go through
labor proceedings because because they sort of
point you out. No, well, it always leaves
a mark, which is why in the
world of journalism and with all these
big networks they already play with a
superiority, so that's the first thing
that should be known is a superiority
in which
they do whatever they want and they know that
most people are not going to
dare or are not going to want to report them
because just because they close doors is worth it,
nobody wants to close doors and
especially when the type of content, the
type of work you do is limited
because the people who work at Telecinco, I
'm not talking about Padilla because in
this case Padilla is valid to
work in many sectors but the vast
majority of Telecinco characters
are only made for Telecinco, it's
very difficult for a Telecinco character to
contribute content to other channels, you know that.
But it may be closely linked to the fact that
professionals rarely go to
criminal jurisdiction or to more serious lawsuits.
From there, well, I would like to
talk about article 173 of the Penal Code,
which is an article that is rarely talked about.
No, and I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. The
first section says that anyone who violates
another person's degrading treatment,
seriously undermining their
moral integrity, will be punished with a sentence of
six months to two years. Well, maybe it
's time for this article to be applied. It's
time for it to be applied, perhaps
the presenters  collaborators or
even public figures do not
go to them because The more you
confront the network, the more it punishes you, the
more it punishes you because they know that they
can assume whatever comes to them, apart from that, it is not that they
can assume it, it is that it will not
cause them any harm, this was already
said by Antonio David in his
live broadcast the other day, the part that I
saw that I have to continue watching
later but the thing is that the sentences they
give them do not go hand in hand with the
money that the programs generate,
we are talking about programs
that generate millions and millions of euros
each program, each day in each broadcast
of each program, I mean, we are talking
that in 20 seconds of advertising break they have
not paid you a sentence so much, a
seven-year sentence, you know, it does
n't make sense to anyone, it doesn't make
sense to anyone, it's worth it, I don't know how they
value that or if it is that it is not yet
very adapted And such, but to networks
like Telecinco, in fact, on many
occasions, to me, professionals told me this, they
value when it comes to releasing
content, they value releasing it at more or less
what it is going to cost them because it is
much more worth it for them, many times to commit or
the  violations knowing that they are going to be
sued and that they are going to have to
compensate And such But they are obviously going to continue being
interested in
doing it and then they sweat
the law quite a bit they ignore the law in
fact
And perhaps this is the reason why it
directly shocks us already in the case of
parpadilla the second section or rather
within the first of the first numeral the
third paragraph says with the same penalty
will be punished those who in the scope of
any employment or
civil service relationship and taking advantage of their
relationship of superiority
repeatedly carry out hostile or humiliating acts with another
that without constituting
degrading treatment constitutes serious harassment
against the victim Well maybe papadilla
could be in this case not me
papadilla let's see I don't know the issue of
papadilla as much as there in that case
but the one with Marta risk the roses I
was saying it I know that
this topic is still active I know that it is still being
talked about the Marta risk the
roses a lot a lot I said that it is something
very similar to the moving what is
happening to that girl that then they
are managing it badly or not
managing it in the best way  do things
on social media that maybe you should avoid
in order to handle things better and for
things to turn out better for you, but be careful,
and some other presenters obviously.
This is obviously a criminal offense,
for a
television media professional who tomorrow would have to
work somewhere else, it may be
complicated to go to these media outlets, or even
for a public figure so that they don't
crush you, but for that there are two figures
in the rule of law, one is the
labor inspection, which I don't know what
the labor inspection is doing,
specifically with the factory on TV, I do
n't know how no labor inspector
gets involved in everything that's happening, and
then the prosecutor's office, the prosecutor's office has the
obligation before the
criminal district commission to initiate
investigative actions, and this doesn't happen, it hasn't
happened for many years, and
we are seeing this type of crime on programs
day after day, at least
indicatively, so that it is investigated, it
is very strong, it is very strong. What do you think,
family, do you believe that the prosecutor's office has to
act on its own initiative or are they busy with
other things and in reality they don't see this as
important because in the end these things
in the courts are often seen as
saying, look, you're living off this,
you're involved  There you are, there you are a
participant, you have made it your way of
living, now don't come and go to
court to protect yourself when, I mean, I'm
not saying that I agree, I'm saying that more
or less on many occasions it looks like this,
family. Open the debate, the
comment box, I'll be reading it, I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]